docs: How to use and migrate design tokens (#1059)
cultureamp/kaizen-design-system: packages/design-tokens/docs/pages/how-to-use-with-sass.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import exampleSass from '!!raw-loader!./examples/example.scss'
import { CodeBlock, LinkToStory } from '../DocsComponents'
import apiPage from './api.stories.mdx'
import gettingStartedPage from './how-to-setup.stories.mdx'

<Meta title="How-to guides/How to use design tokens in SASS code" parameters={{ docsOnly: true }} />

# How to use design tokens in SASS code

## 1. Setup a ThemeManager

Ensure you have followed the steps in <LinkToStory storyModule={gettingStartedPage} /> to setup your application for using design tokens.

## 2. Start using design tokens

> Tokens (which contain CSS variables, e.g `var(--kz-var-color-ash)`) can be subscribed to in SASS by importing variables exposed by the package.

Reviewer: I'd like to reword this to use less technical words...

It's a bit hard to do in PR suggestions, I think pairing on it would be helpful.

Example:

<CodeBlock language="scss" code={exampleSass} />

> See <LinkToStory storyModule={apiPage} hash="sass-variables">SASS Variables</LinkToStory> for all available tokens.

Reviewer: We should try use the same name for the link and the page title. Is it "API" or "SASS Variables" or something else?

## 3. Be aware of the limitations of CSS variables in SASS

### Compile-time functions like `mix()` or `darken()`

> Because the exposes SASS variables contain values such as `var(--kz-var-color-wisteria-800)`, CSS compilers such as SASS won't be able to calculate anything that relies on concrete values such as HEX or RGB strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the exposed SASS variables contain values such as `var(--kz-var-color-wisteria-800)`, the SASS compiler won't be able to calculate anything that relies on concrete values such as HEX strings.
```

**It won't be possible to do things like:**
<CodeBlock language="scss" code={`.myClass { 
    color: mix(white, $kz-var-color-wisteria-800, 90%);
}`} />

> because, `$kz-var-color-wisteria-800` will hold a value like `var(--kz-var-color-wisteria-800)`, and SASS won't be able to resolve it to a concrete color value to compute the color blend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because, `$kz-var-color-wisteria-800` will hold a value like `var(--kz-var-color-wisteria-800)`, and SASS won't be able to resolve it to a concrete color value to compute the color blend.

Usually when we've used functions like `mix` or `shade` it has been to lighten or darken a token by a certain amount. We recommend you just find the nearest plain value. In the example above,  you could simply use `$kz-var-color-wisteria-600`
```

> ## 4. Be aware of `-rgb-params` variables - used for changing opacity with `rgba()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4. When you need to add opacity to a colour, use `rgba()` and the `-rgb-params` variables
```

We have exposed extra sibling variables for every color, as seen in <LinkToStory storyModule={apiPage} hash="sass-variables">SASS Variables</LinkToStory>, which allow you to manipulate opacity of CSS variable colors:

<CodeBlock language="scss" code={`@import '~@kaizen/design-tokens/sass/color-vars.scss';
.myClass {
    background-color: rgba($kz-var-color-stone-rgb-params, 0.5);
}`} />

For similar reasons to the previous section, a statement like `rgba($kz-var-color-stone, 0.5)`, will not work because neither SASS or your browser can understand the expanded value: `rgba(var(--kz-var-color-stone), 0.5)`.

> Every color variable such as `$kz-var-color-stone` will have a matching sibling variable with the `-rgb-params` prefix and will contain a CSS variable, however it's value will be defined as a string like `240, 10, 59`, which browsers will therefore expand a statement like `rgba(var(--kz-var-color-rgb-params), 0.5)` to `rgba(240, 10, 59, 0.5)` - the latter is valid usage of the `rgba()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every color variable such as `$kz-var-color-stone` will have a matching sibling variable with the `-rgb-params` suffix. The `$kz-var-color-stone-rgb-params` CSS variable contains a list of numbers, `249, 249, 249`, which browsers can then use in inside the `rgba()` function. 

For example `rgba(var($kz-var-color-stone), 0.5)` becomes `rgba(249, 249, 249, 0.5)` - which browsers know how to handle.
```

## Migrating from compile time SASS functions like add-tint, darken, or mix

> A utility to help with this is coming soon. You will need to replace any function calls like these with design tokens, as these are both not computable using CSS variables, and have been deprecated for a while.

Reviewer: This feels like important information. Are we burying the lead?
